Update README.md (#156)
zama-ai/fhevm: README.md

### Main features

> - **Privacy:** Building decentralized apps with full privacy and confidentiality on Ethereum leveraging FHE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Privacy by design:** Building decentralized apps with full privacy and confidentiality on Ethereum, leveraging FHE.
```

Reviewer 2: ok

> - **Solidity integration:** Fhevm contracts are simple solidity contracts that are built using traditional solidity tool-chains. Developers can develop with our tool for Hardhat and Foundry soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Solidity integration:** Write FHEVM contracts like any standard Solidity contract using Solidity. Compatible with existing toolchains — with Hardhat, Remix, and Foundry(coming soon) support.

Reviewer 2: for this part, I am not sure: @immortal-tofu explicitely removed Remix from my first draft so I think it's not ready. 

@immortal-tofu , would you correct @yuxizama 's proposal please?

Author: Don't include Remix (or mention it's "coming soon"). IMO serious developers look for Foundry and not Remix

Reviewer 2: can I say 

- **Solidity integration:** Write FHEVM contracts like any standard Solidity contract using Solidity. Compatible with existing toolchains — with Hardhat and Foundry(coming soon) support.

@yuxizama then? (ie, no Remix)

Reviewer 2: I pused without Remix, tell me if it's ok @yuxizama

> - **Solidity integration:** Fhevm contracts are simple solidity contracts that are built using traditional solidity tool-chains. Developpers can develop with our Foundry, Remix, Hardhat templates.

Reviewer 2: @immortal-tofu : would you please check that "Developpers can develop with our Foundry, Remix, Hardhat templates." or tell me what to remove

Author: typo `Developers`

`Fhevm contracts are simple solidity contracts that are built using traditional solidity tool-chains. Developers can develop with our tool for Hardhat and Foundry soon.`

Reviewer 2: ok thx

> - **Programmable privacy:** Developers decide what's encrypted or not, and what is the logic for access control, directly into their smart contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Programmable privacy:**  Define exactly what data is encrypted and write the access control logic directly in your smart contracts.
```

Reviewer 2: ok

- **High precision encrypted integers :** Up to 256 bits of precision for integers.
- **Full range of operators:** All typical operators are available: `+`, `-`, `*`, `/`, `<`, `>`, `==`, ternary-if, boolean operations…. Consecutive FHE operations are not limited.

> - **Security:** Our FHE crypto-scheme is quantum resistant. Decryption is done by our key management system (KMS) which relies on multi party computation (MPC), ensuring security even if some parties (up to a certain threshold) are compromised or misbehaving.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Security:** The underlying FHE crypto-scheme of FHEVM is quantum-resistant. Decryption is managed via a key management system (KMS) using multi-party computation (MPC), ensuring security even if some parties are compromised or misbehaving.

Reviewer 2: ok

> - **Asynchronism of FHE computations:** FHE operations are done by our coprocessor in an async way, to not slowdown the hostchain.

Reviewer 2: @immortal-tofu : you'll tell me if you have a better formulation for that

Author: `**Symbolic execution of FHE computations:** All FHE operations are executed symbolically on the host chain, while the actual computations on encrypted data are performed by our coprocessor asynchronously.`

Reviewer 2: ok thx

> - **Symbolic execution of FHE computations:** All FHE operations are executed symbolically on the host chain, while the actual computations on encrypted data are performed by our coprocessor asynchronously.

Reviewer: @bcm-at-zama 
Could you add the benefit/value of symbolic execution?  Otherwise just knowing the execution is symbolic doesn't help much.

Reviewer 2: ok yes

Reviewer 2: I added a 

> This allows not blocking the hostchain and is thus having faster execution.

You'll tell me if it's ok @immortal-tofu @yuxizama

Author: `- **Symbolic execution of FHE computations:** All FHE operations are executed symbolically on the host chain, significantly reducing execution time. The actual computations on encrypted data are offloaded asynchronously to our coprocessor, allowing for faster, efficient, and scalable processing.`

Reviewer 2: thx, changed, ok with you @yuxizama ?

> _Learn more about fhevm features in the [documentation](https://docs.zama.ai/fhevm) and in our [whitepaper](https://github.com/zama-ai/fhevm/blob/main/fhevm-whitepaper-v2.pdf) and [litepaper](FIXME:link_to_be_added)._

Reviewer 2: @yuxizama , I've let a 

"[litepaper](FIXME:link_to_be_added)."

is it ok or should I remove it for now?

Reviewer: Let's remove it for now and add it after!

Reviewer 2: ok removed

To cite fhevm or the whitepaper in academic papers, please use the following entries:

> FIXME: we need to fix that citation

Reviewer 2: @yuxizama would you tell us how we should cite this work, please? The current way seems outdated to me
Should we say

```
@Misc{fhevm,
title={{Build (d)Apps with Fully Homomorphic Encryption (FHE).}},
author={Zama},
year={2024-2025},
note={\url{https://github.com/zama-ai/fhevm}},
}
```

or something like that?

Reviewer: I would keep the description the same as the one for the repository, and the year to be the publication year.
```
@Misc{FHEVM,
title={{FHEVM: A full-stack framework for integrating Fully Homomorphic Encryption (FHE) with blockchain applications},
author={Zama},
year={2025},
note={\url{https://github.com/zama-ai/fhevm}},
}
```

Reviewer 2: ok done
